guys it's hammy Lux and today's video is
going to be about Vinnie's cage tour for
the month of June so I hope you guys
will enjoy the video so just write on
the outside of the cage is one of his
DIY name tag holder plaques that I
recently made for all of the hamsters
and I'll leave the link down in the
description below on how I made it so
you guys can go ahead and check that out
and then just right next to it is this
cute little hamster sticker that I got
from Petco that says feed me please it's
so cute
and then just on this side of the cage
on top of the grade I just have his
hanging hammock that I got from Petco
now not every hamster can really have
these um when I first started to try
this out with Vinnie I I had to actually
sit there and watch him for about a good
half hour to make sure he wasn't going
to go start ripping it up and eating it
and all that stuff um and he hasn't and
he has not been for the past couple of
nights he's actually just been enjoying
laying in there so this is something I
will still keep an eye on but he does
enjoy it very much
and then also hanging from his lid is
just this little kabob now the
background that I use this time is also
just gift wrap from my local 5 and below
store and I just love the colors and I
loved all the cute little hearts and
flowers and little peace signs and I
thought it would just be cute to use
this time especially for summer so just
right here in the corner I am just using
this glass pyrex baking pan um I
actually don't use this anymore so I
thought I would just use it for the
hamsters and on top I just have his
planet petco medium-size bendable bridge
and underneath I have a tub of
Children's Place and
I got from Home Depot it tends to be a
lot cheaper than the chinchilla fan and
of course the sand had been sterilized
and baked at 350 degrees for I think I
did about 15 minutes of that in the oven
so it's completely safe for your hamster
then we just have this cute little small
rainbow tropical fiddlesticks and then
just right in the middle here I have his
12 inch flying saucer and then I have a
chew tube leading to the back there so
he could have a little bit more of easy
access and then his water bottle is just
hanging right here Fred here I just have
his puzzle playground set and I just
went ahead and made a little bit larger
this time for him and I added a little
stairway onto the middle of the cage I
have another medium-sized planet Petco
bendable bridge and underneath is just
one of his carrot roller chews and this
just leads up to his homemade cardboard
hideaway house that I just glued
together and cut together and right on
top is just a woven play mat since he
does not really chew on it or anything I
thought I would just hang it there for
decoration and then right here is this
cute little ceramic dish that I actually
handmade a long time ago and I just have
his food in there had this little
cheeseburger or hamburger wouldn't you
for a long time so I never actually take
this out of his cage right here we just
have this green stairway igloo hideout
all right here in the corner is just
this cute little soup it's actually a
soup mug and the brand is actually by
Campbell's and it is very large so it is
a perfect size for her Vinny and I
thought I would just put it in there for
him to go into and he loves actually
sitting in there and over here we have
one of his Petco wooden shoes that he
actually does not touch but I thought it
would just be cute to leave in here in
his cage right here we have a red sisal
and cornhusk ring chew and then over
here is just a large willow bowl and
then we have his planet Petco pencil
chew and yellow another corn husk and
sisal carrot chew and then right over
here this is actually something new that
I got him and I thought I would try this
brand out since I have not tried it out
yet and it is the small animal eco
critters chew and it's just a bunch of
natural earth friendly and renewable
recycled material so I'm hoping that
Vinnie will enjoy his new toy and in the
corner we just have his medium-sized
national geographic' wooden dome house
and this is actually the only house that
Vinnie will go into because it is nice
and big if I put any kind of other hot
in here he does not go in it it put his
house like in the corner like this
because he actually really enjoys going
in this little corner here and that's
where he tends to wash himself so here's
just another quick overview of
Vinnie's cage for this month of June and
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and I
will see you guys next time bye